NPM:
	npm is the world's largest Software Registry.The registry contains over 800,000 code packages.Open-source developers use npm to share software.

Node Package Manager (NPM) provides two main functionalities -
1.Online repositories for node.js packages/modules which are searchable on search.nodejs.org
2.Command line utility to install Node.js packages, do version management and dependency management of Node.js packages.


Installing npm modules  by typing command:
npm install module_name

Express -	 Express is the leading Node.js framework for quickly creating and publishing applications, and APIs. The frameworks minimal structure allows any 
	Node.js developer to quickly launch a functional application with the use of Express Generator. Express gives you a solid outline to
 	build your apps on top of.

Async.js -	 Asynchronous JavaScript has rebuilt the way JavaScript content interacts with your web pages, allowing you to increase performance by getting rid
	 of render-blocking JavaScript. Render-blocking basically means that any JavaScript content that resides in the “above the fold” parts of a page will 
	not be loaded, until JavaScript itself has been finished loading in the page. This can have certain effects on the performance of your website, but with 
	the helps of libraries such as Async.js — you can open the door to load JavaScript content alongside everything else, sometimes even faster.

Request – 	Simplified HTTP Client

Browserify - There are many uses for Browserify, but the most important one is that Browserify allows us to create the kind of client-side codebase that’s
	 organized, structured, and easy to navigate. Anyone can use Browserify to create solid components that quickly allocate dependencies according to 
	their use at any particular situation. Node.js projects tend to stack up on packages, libraries and scripts, and Browserify helps to structure everything
	 neatly together

Socket.IO -	 Socket lets you build truly real-time communication apps that would require real-time streams of content, whether directly from the data that you
	 are working with, or through an API that comes from an external source. 

Commander.js - Commander.js (based on Ruby) is a great solution for creating command-line interfaces without any fuss.

Bower - Bower carefully allocates all the packages that you are using, and then helps you to keep the updated, and regularly checked against any potential risks.

Underscore - Underscore bridges the gap between opening a new HTML document and writing code for it, without the need to think how complex functions
	 operate.

UglifyJS2 - UglifyJS2 trims and minifies your JavaScript files for you automatically. 

Hapi - 	Hapi can be used to build robust APIs, to handle high-load projects that need to scale, and Hapi delivers the kind of modular design that helps to 
	align your project together. Flexibility is key in development

React (UI framework)- React with Node.js makes for an amazingly fast web application experience