Welcome to Angular! Angular helps you build modern applications for the web, mobile, or desktop.

This guide shows you how to build and run a simple Angular app. You'll use the Angular CLI tool to accelerate development, while adhering to the Style Guide recommendations that benefit every Angular project.

This guide takes less than 30 minutes to complete. At the end of this guide—as part of final code review—there is a link to download a copy of the final application code. (If you don't execute the commands in this guide, you can still download the final application code.)

Prerequisites
Before you begin, make sure your development environment includes Node.js® and an npm package manager.

Node.js
Angular requires Node.js version 8.x or 10.x.

To check your version, run node -v in a terminal/console window.

To get Node.js, go to nodejs.org.

npm package manager
Angular, the Angular CLI, and Angular apps depend on features and functionality provided by libraries that are available as npm packages. To download and install npm packages, you must have an npm package manager.

This Quick Start uses the npm client command line interface, which is installed with Node.js by default.

To check that you have the npm client installed, run npm -v in a terminal/console window.

Step 1: Install the Angular CLI
You use the Angular CLI to create projects, generate application and library code, and perform a variety of ongoing development tasks such as testing, bundling, and deployment.

Install the Angular CLI globally.

To install the CLI using npm, open a terminal/console window and enter the following command:

content_copy
npm install -g @angular/cli
Step 2: Create a workspace and initial application
You develop apps in the context of an Angular workspace. A workspace contains the files for one or more projects. A project is the set of files that comprise an app, a library, or end-to-end (e2e) tests.

To create a new workspace and initial app project:

Run the CLI command ng new and provide the name my-app, as shown here:

content_copy
ng new my-app
The ng new command prompts you for information about features to include in the initial app project. Accept the defaults by pressing the Enter or Return key.

The Angular CLI installs the necessary Angular npm packages and other dependencies. This can take a few minutes.

It also creates the following workspace and starter project files:

A new workspace, with a root folder named my-app
An initial skeleton app project, also called my-app (in the src subfolder)
An end-to-end test project (in the e2e subfolder)
Related configuration files
The initial app project contains a simple Welcome app, ready to run.

Step 3: Serve the application
Angular includes a server, so that you can easily build and serve your app locally.

Go to the workspace folder (my-app).

Launch the server by using the CLI command ng serve, with the --open option.

content_copy
cd my-app
ng serve --open
The ng serve command launches the server, watches your files, and rebuilds the app as you make changes to those files.

The --open (or just -o) option automatically opens your browser to http://localhost:4200/.

Your app greets you with a message: